C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.staticwebassets.runtime.json
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.exe
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.deps.json
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.dll
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.pdb
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\ManejoPresupuesto.styles.css
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\ManejoPresupuesto.bundle.scp.css
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.dll
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\ManejoPresupuesto.dll
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.pdb
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\ManejoPresupuesto.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Azure.Core.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Azure.Identity.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Dapper.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Memory.Data.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\unix\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win\lib\net6.0\System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\ManejoPresupuesto.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\Views\Cuentas\Index.cshtml.rz.scp.css
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\lramirez\8496\L\GitHub\Cursos\Aprende ASP.NET Core MVC 6 Haciendo Proyectos Desde Cero\ManejoPresupuesto\bin\Debug\net6.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
